
Happy Trooper Skin
By James Brust

---------------------------

	OK, um, hi.  My name's James Brust, and when I deathmatch, I call myself Jewish Pete (after the big-nosed smiley emoticon I used to pretend to argue with).  My e-mail address is XmasPimp@Hotmail.com, but please do not allow that to offend you, as I do not actually pretend to be a pimp.  I do, in fact, wish I was very much more successful with the opposite sex.  I also wish I actually would try once in a while.

	Alright, sorry about that.  I'll get back to talking about the skin, I'm sure of it.  It's called Happy Trooper, because I had envisioned some sort of ordinary grunt all bedecked in sky blue and yellow smileys, just to add character.  I can't remember when or why I thought it would be a good idea, but it is, so don't bother me about it.  Um...I was thinking of writing some sort of back story for this thing, but I have about fifteen minutes before I have to go to bed right now (and being sixteen doesn't make me a loser, just because I don't have a girlfriend...but I digress).  I'm sure I'll write something later on, but I sort of imagined something about him being a twisted grunt in the police army of a fascist society in which everybody has to be nice to each other and pretend to be happy.

	And now my stupid brother, Jonathan Lehmann, aka Curmudgeon (for those of you who don't know, a curmudgeon is a rude, irritable, churlish old person, which is my brother all over...minus the old part) (also, about 80% of the reason he calls himself Curmudgeon is because it's the name of a rare song by Nirvana, Jon's favorite mega-crappy band) is bothering me to give him credit for teaching me how the hell to make the skin that I had envisioned about three days ago.  He has already published four other skins, including the absolutely fabulous Hip Scientist (which is my favorite of his works), and he treats me like a total nad at all times of the day.  Just in case you felt like actually talking to him sometime.  So don't.  Ever.

	Again, I can be reached at the ambiguously inappropriate e-mail address of XmasPimp@Hotmail.com.  If you feel like mailing me, please do, unless you have something mean to say.  Ciao!